so we were here like what then six know
some numbers months ago unboxing a
technic at to another edition sounds
sound sent box set I really can't talk
today but uh it's it's a day late but I
finally got my limited edition package
for a DJ max portable 3 so unbox it
let's find a good end there isn't really
a good end so
this cave
four times that's useful
didn't even need my box cutter just like
with the technical to soundtracks we got
a UPS bag with the another UPS bag
went there to EVS back
just aim it down a bit more i'm not
doing this really internal the camera
very well
it's actually smaller than I thought
here we go sour game full of elevator
music see so I don't really know whose
signature this is but it's from someone
on the development crew all the way from
career
can't really slip this off
ok
this is an oh there we go
so here we go it's portable three
so inside we got
this the UMD case with the alternate
cover I'll probably put this one in I
like the alternate one bedroom so here
we go it's portable three
exciting
and inside
we have the limited edition will not win
the decision this portable 3 soundtrack
and then
we have the art book full of cool art
ooh I turn to a good page
wow I think that's it I don't think I
want anything oh well yeah no voucher
for anything in here none in here
now basically none in here let's open up
the UMD
no nada
slightly disappointing considering that
I was like really salty yesterday
because I didn't get the game the day I
was supposed to get it but that wasn't
even p.m. so that was you p usps assault
I was kind of pio des bout that okay
there we go it's portable three with all
of its glory